THIS IS A POST FROM REDDIT OF SOMEONE THAT PASSED THE EXAM AND HE GAVE SOME GREAT TIPS!
THE ORIGINAL POST:https://www.reddit.com/r/oscp/comments/uojdi2/second_attempt_passed_with_70_points/

Hi all! Buzzing right now, but I posted a few weeks back on how I failed my first attempt. I recently attempted my second attempt and have passed with 70 points.
I would like to just give a review of the various resources I used throughout my journey. I took about 1 year and when I started this journey, I have not pwned a single box before and have some previous CTF experience.
1.	HackTheBox
This is the first resource I used to get into the swing of rooted machines. I still remember my first ever machine rooted was Shocker and I did not stop from there. However, HTB machines are rather "CTF"-styled. With regards to OSCP prep, it is pretty decent to get exposed to some vulnerabilities and privilege escalation techniques, but I would not rate it as the most important resource on my journey.

2. Virtual Hacking Labs (VHL)
Recommended by my colleagues when I interned, this set of resources really allow me to dive into the various Content Management Solutions there are out there. The platform is pretty decent but the my only problem (Which is the problem of many) is that the privilege escalation techniques are mostly Kernel exploits. Nevertheless, I really levelled up my initial access game using this resource and also sharpen my exploit compiling skills.

3. Proving Grounds (PG)
This is the resource that really helped a lot with my OSCP prep. I finished all the machines rated community easy, intermediate and hard and it really gives me a sense of how the standalone machines are going to be on the actual examination. The platform is pretty good and you are entitled to 3 hints per day and 1 walkthrough. There are also 3 standalone AD machines for you to practice some AD skills but I will come to more of the AD preparation later. Overall, I would really recommend purchasing a 3 months subscription for PG in your preparation journey.

4. PWK Labs
This is one of the most important resource because it is the labs that are created by Offsec themselves. I pretty much completed over 60 machines from these labs. Since the machines are shared with students within the same network, the machines might be sometimes buggy, but it was an overall decent experience. Do attempt the retired OSCP machines within the labs as well.

5. Active Directory Preparation
This is the part where many of you might be curious of. Up till December 2021, I did not know a single thing about AD and spent the next few months researching on it. Cyber Mentor provides a good YouTube video on what AD is, definitely give it a watch. Most importantly, try out the AD sets in the PWK labs as well as go through PWK AD section thoroughly. You will learn a lot and utilise the skills learnt in the exam. For extra practice (Although I would think it is not totally needed because these are standalone machines), I went through CyberSecLabs AD machines as well.

6. Privilege Escalation
I went ahead and purchased Tib3rius' privilege escalation course and went through the course twice. It is very informational and especially focused on my weaker Windows privilege escalation portion as well.

7. Buffer Overflow
If you get this machine, then congratulations, this should be an easy low-level shell access. I went through CyberMentor's Buffer Overflow preparation video on YouTube and used TryHackMe's buffer overflow preparation room for practice.

8. Other resource
The lovely people over at Offsec's Discord and this very Reddit itself. I want to thank all of you who commented on my previous post and DM me telling me to not give up. Without you guys, I would never have the courage to even attempt this exam.

Overall, it was a gruelling process, but I learnt quite a lot from it. Take the OSCP journey as the actual "certificate" because you learn so much from it and the actual passing of the exam as a "bonus"!

